Update README to state its  community maintained (#37)
parquet-go/parquet-go: README.md

## Maintenance

> The project is hosted and maintained by the  open source community; we welcome external contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is hosted and maintained by the open source community; we welcome external contributors
```

> The project is hosted and maintained by the open source community; we welcome external contributors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While initial design and development occurred at Twilio Segment, the project is now maintained by the open source community. We welcome external contributors.
```
